Many students are so scared of writing essays, because they never learned how.
In consultation with your supervisor, your thesis is approved by faculty committee.
Our log books make up five per cent of total marks.
In this library, reserve collection books can be borrowed for up to three hours.
The study of archaeology requires extensive international field work.
Peter cannot vouch for the accuracy of the story.
It is always important to choose enjoyable and nutritious food.
My sister was a woman with extraordinary vibrancy and extraordinary knowledge.
That would not be a good advertisement for Hungary’s emerging democracy.
Specialist see various reasons for the recent surge in inflation.
After many hardships, he now lives in comparative ease.
Her purpose was to scrutinize his features to see if he was an honest man.
It is absurd to be discussing compulsory redundancy policies for teachers.
The roots transmit moisture and nutrients to the trunk and branches.
Media representative should arrive at the Press Center by 11:40 to obtain accreditation.
In Europe, the political pressure is similar regarding globalization.
Biographic information should be removed before the publication of the results.
Some places are more problematic than others for women traveling alone.
He overextended himself when he accepted the additional assignment
A change in the money supply brings a corresponding change in expenditure.
The plane is overdue and has been delayed by the bad weather.
The Government of United States consider it imprudent to abolish the death penalty.
A cyclist crashed when he touched wheels with another rider.
The Reformer soon gathered a band of followers round him.
Steve Jobs was a sound businessman, totally reliable and incorruptible.
He is a terrific athlete and a brilliant jumper.
Please finish all the reading chapters before field trip
Good research presents many benefits to real people
A thorough bibliography is needed at the end of every assignment.
The development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
The new media has transcended the traditional national boundaries.
It is important to make clear notes while you are reading.
Students representatives will visit classes with voting forms.
Fashion trends help people to make life interesting.
All of the assignments should be submitted in person to the faculty office.
Before attending the lecture, you must register online or by post.
The equality has not yet been achieved in the society.
She has made a significant contribution to the field of chemistry.
Some people argue that education is not that important.
Students are instructed to hand in their assignments by the end of this week
There is clearly a need for further research in this field
Please confirm that you have received the textbooks.
The business class can help with local students.
I don't think it is possible to solve the problem easily.
The new media has transformed the traditional national boundaries.
The placement test of mathematics and science is open to every semester.
People with active lifestyle are less likely to die early or to have major illness.
The development in the information technology has greatly changed the way people work.
Eating too much can lead to many health problems.
The author is currently the Professor at the Cambridge university.
The teacher asked the group to commence the task.
I don't think it is possible to solve the problem easily.
Tours operate all year around, but the busier dry season runs from May.
There are still many people struggling in the lab.
The most striking thing about this budget of smartphone cannot be seen on its phase.
Most university teaching takes place in lectures and seminars.
Increasing population results in an increasing demand in energy.
The museum is closed on Thursday mornings every month.
You have to learn how to use the library to save your time.
The group will perform in the concert hall.
Supply and demand is one of the most fundamental factors in the economics.
Parents are financially responsible for their children until they reach adulthood.
The ways in which people communicate are constantly changing.
Geography is generally divided into two branches: human and physical.
Please note, submission deadlines are only negotiable in exceptional circumstances. 
You may need to purchase an academic gown before the commencement.
Good research delivers practical benefits for real people.
The lecturer tomorrow will discuss the educational policy in the United States.
Most scientists believe that climate change threatens lives on the earth.
The railway made long-distance travel possible for everyone.
You may need to purchase an academic gown before commencing.
Safety glasses should be worn while doing experiments in the lab.
The city's founder created a set of rules that became to law.
Important details in the article are missing from the summary.
The untapped potential of using the sun is enormous.
Radio is a popular form of entertainment throughout the world.
Traffic is the main cause for pollution in main cities.
The exam system has been upgraded due to professional exams.
She used to be an editor of the student newspaper
It is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
We study science and appreciate the world around us.
Making a mistake is fine as long as you learned from it.
The business plan seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
Please visit the website for the information about the opening times.
Your lowest quiz grade has been omitted from the calculations.
The nation achieved prosperity by opening its exports for trade
The aim is to reduce the risks that people take.
Most of the students have not considered this issues before.
Chemistry building is located at the entrance to campus.
The history of this university is a long and interesting one.
Scientists are always asking the government for money
Native speakers are examined by their language tests in their own languages.
The scientists found most of the studies today.
Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the hall.
She began by giving an outline of the previous lecture.
The university seeks the funds for renovation of the theater.
An archaeologist's new discovery stands out in previous overlooked foundations.
Important details from the article are missing in this summary.
The untapped potential of using the sun is enormous.
The dance department stages elaborated performances each semester.
I will come back to this in a moment.
The article illustrates a number of interesting experiments.
Many graduates studying journalism get jobs in the communication field.
We were able to contact a number of researchers.
The same issue featured both the explanations and the problems.
All educational reforms have been inadequately implemented.
All dissertations must be accompanied by a submission form.
Efforts are being made to reduce harmful emissions.
The other book is not authorial but it is more insightful.
The article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas
Let me give you an example to explain what I mean.
Archaeologists' new discovery stand out in previously overlooked foundations.
Rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic species.
The traffic is the main cause of the pollution.
The chemical building is in the interior of the campus.
The railways were made to make distant travel possible.
The plight of wildlife has been ignored by developers
She used to be the editor of students' newspaper.
The history of this university is a long and interesting one.
Scientists are always asking the government for money.
Native speakers are well examined in their native languages
Native speakers are tested in the language test in their own language.
Remember to sign the attendance register before leaving the hall.
She began by giving an outline of previous lecture.
Radio is a popular form of the entertainment throughout the world.
The untapped potential of using the sun is enormous.
Important details in the article are missing from the summary.
We start science and appreciate the world around us.
it is important for students to keep up with the deadline.
Your lowest quiz grade has been omitted in the calculations.
Scientists are always asking the government for money
When reconciliation is desirable, basic underlying issues must first be addressed
Those seeking for a formal extension should contact their faculty for information
The business development seminar includes an internship with a local firm.
The chemical building is located near the entrance of the campus.
Please note that the seminar has now been cancelled.
Some students find true or false questions harder than short answers.
Our view is that education reform has been inadequately implemented.
The most popular courses still have a few places to seat
You were able to contact a number of research subjects
The most popular courses still have a few places left
The library holds a substantial collection of materials of economic history
The teaching staffs are extremely approachable, helpful and friendly
It is being made to reduce harmful emissions
This is an integrated course with several elements
Students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later
Theory and training are required to become a medical specialist
Read the first section before the next meeting
Convincing evidences for this theory is hard to obtain
The director of gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation
Graduates from this course find careers in the financial department
There are some doubts to whether these events actually occurred
Money and how it is paid can affect the motivation of work
Students must pass all the qualified examinations.
In addition to the requirements, students must pass qualifying examinations
Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction
The article covers interesting experience
Clinical placement for nursing prepares students for professional practice
Recession taggers creativity due to pass inflation
Rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic species
Archaeologists stand out previously thought
Let me give you an example to explain what I mean
The article considered the leisure habits of teenagers in rural areas
The part is good but is more insightful
All dissertations must be accomplished with a submission form
All educational reforms have been inadequately implanted.
The same issue featured both the explanations and the problems
Many graduates studying journalism get jobs in the communications field.
These electronic courses introduce engineering constructions and concepts
The Article reflects a number of very interesting experiments.
Rivers provide habitats and migration pathways for numerous species.
The students have opinions to live in residences or apartments.
Clinical practice for nursing will prepare students for professional work
Writing an essay is easy once the research is finished.
The article covers interesting experience.
There are some doubts to whether these events actually occurred.
Convincing evidence for this theory is hard to obtain
It is being made to reduce harmful emissions.
The most popular courses still have few places.
Students requiring for an extension should apply sooner rather than later.
The director of gallery was grateful for the anonymous donation.
Graduates from this course find careers in the financial department.
In addition to the requirements, students must pass qualifying examinations.
Rivers provide habitats for fish and other aquatic species.
All industries are thought of systems as inputs, processes, outputs and feedbacks.
The consumer’s confidence has direct effect on sales.
Certain scientific principles need to be learned verbally or by logical deduction.
The vocabularies that have peculiar meanings are called jargon
When launching a product, research and marketing are very vital
Peer group pressure has a great effect on young people
This module of work is more of a compositional style.
A person's education level is closely related to their economic background.
Early streams of economic in Roman Republic will be examined.
Rising inflation will increase the demand, price and the consumption of products.
Neurons are principally involved in chemical processes.
Your role is principally involved in the new chemical processes.
Could you please prepare a medical certificate for me to submit to my manager?
They look at the health needs of the local community and develop plans to set priorities locally.
Life expectancy and infant mortality rates are two of the best indicators of overall health.
The museum is huge, so make a few focused visits if you have time.
We are on track for one billion tobacco related deaths this century.
Lung cancer remains a largely incurable disease.
Even if you've used cosmetics for years without problems, one or more ingredients can still trigger an allergic reaction.
If you use anger as a tool too often, people will learn to avoid you.
Create a playlist of your favourite music to help you relax in difficult situations.
Our food supply now contains so much added sugar that our metabolic systems can't handle it.
Hundreds of millions of dollars are spent each year promotion unhealthy foods.
When everyone commits to looking after their health, soft drinks will not be on the menu.
Pain is necessary, as it acts as a warning of danger.
Practicing time restricted eating a few times a week could be both feasible and healthy.
Carefully rub contact lenses with your fingers for a thorough cleanse
Cosmetics and plastic surgery often evokes images of famous personalities.
The most striking thing about this budget of smart phone cannot be seen on its face.
Tours operate all years round, but the busier dry season runs from May.
The leading companies have changed their policies and procedures after their reports were released.
Conferences will always be scheduled two weeks in advance.
The first assignment will be due on the 14th of September.
The first assignment of the book is on the 14th of December.
Hundreds of scientific papers have been published on global warming.
Student concession cards need to be obtained by completing an application form.
Catch the camera to see the fish.
The period is a golden age of English literature.
Elections for president take place once every four years.
There are new innovations in the field of digital architecture.
Course work and exam will form part of the annual assessment.
You can request library books by using the electronic catalogue.
Popular culture is now a serious subject of academic inquiry.
The course has been updated to reflect the current situation.
Weather patterns have been changed significantly over the past two hundred years.
The history of the movements was recorded by several writers.
Some young people find city life rather stressful.
You should draw your graph on a separate page.
Your assignments should be submitted to the department office before the deadline.
The issue burst the exploration of the problem.
She received a scholarship from the state university.
The undergraduates need some specific sources to analyse a specific program.
Undergraduate students may participate in specific stages within the program.
Students have the options to live in campus residences or apartments.
Observers waited nervously and hold the breath for the concert.
Sydney is Australia's largest city, chief port and culture center.
Successful applicants will work with a large team of researchers.
Higher numbers of patients were infected than during previous outbreaks of illness.
The final year will consist of four taught courses and one project.
Your summary should be as clear and concise as possible.
The guide is qualified to lead the groups into the mountain.
The company needs to polish its image.
There is a need for constructive dialogue between leaders.
The decision was/is made with the support of several/many faculty members.
The nearest automatic teller is in front of the anatomy labs.
He started his tutorial presentation right on time.
Newspapers are supported primarily by the sale of advertising space
The cart carries a single object.
There will be a conference here next summer on using the web for academic research.
The university has a world-renowned school of archaeology.
Technologies on biotechnology are of crucial importance in the future development.
The following lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
The key finding seemed to contradict our initial hypothesis.
Remember all students have strict ability criteria.
The application process is longer than expected.
The sophisticated part of the research is funding.
A number of students have some volunteer jobs.
Why has the project been held up for so long?
We cannot consider an increase in price at this stage.
If it helps you to concentrate by taking notes, please do it.
If it helps to take notes in order to concentrate, please do so.
The new product failed due to lack of demand.
Please make sure you have collected all the necessary materials.
Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week.
Americans have cheapest typical growth in quantitative/qualitative terms.
Americans have progressively defined the process of plant growth and reproductive development in quantitative terms.
The author's early work is more philosophical and less experimental.
The commission will be pooled into funds among authorities.
The commissioner will portion funds for the authorities.
Remember, this phenomenon has strict eligibility criteria.
The scientists use the web to explore the problems.
Do not know if there is a plural, but I do not seem to have.
This is interesting in parliament.
The pressure to get degrees has a great effect on young people.
Being proactive daily can build confidence and improve skills.
The library holds substantial materials of economic history.
All students need to attend no less than 10 labs per semester.
Something in place as well as scientific papers.
It is very likely that space travel will become popular in the private sector.
Laws protect consumer right and help to avoid problems.
You cannot renew any overdue books in the science library.
Any gains on property must be properly allocated
Behind the garage is a secret storage room
The history of the movements is recorded by several promoters.
A party is thrown in the small meeting room
It is hard to anticipate all the different characters that they react
Rising sales figures means a rise in demand
The advertisement for children is open to much debate
Agenda items should be submitted by the end of the day
You need to hand in the essay next semester
The theory has a great degree of controversy
The faculty staff are very approachable, friendly and extremely helpful
It is really a comprehensive program that covers both theory and practice
Uncap on sunray is phenomenal
When the finance is available, scholarships may be available.
Many graduates of journalism get jobs in the communication field
Parents’ talks to children tend to be simplified.
The aerial photographs were promptly registered for evaluations.
Animals raised in captivity behave differently from their wild counterparts
Students have the options to live in college's villages or apartments.
Artists, rather than politicians, played their own roles of cultural critics.
Most of these features are parts of the previous system.
An aerial photograph was promptly registered for federal evaluations
Travelling by boat on the river is not possible in winter
Peer pressure has a great effect on young people
Those students seeking for formal extension should talk to their faculties for more information.
If you seek for further extension, contact your faculty for more information 
The earth's atmosphere is mostly composed of nitrogen and oxygen.
Participants are initially selected from a range of foundation subjects.
Academic problems cause a rise in employment.
Economic problems cause a rise in unemployment.
Packaging is very important to attract intentioned buyers.
Submitting your group assignment must be issued punctually by one of your group members.
You are training to be a special journalist.
While reconciliation is desirable, the basic underlying issues must be addressed.
Many birds migrated to the warmer areas for winter.
Celebrity is still the great source of controversy.
Celebrated theory is still a subject of controversy.
Early streams of economic in Roman Republic will be examined.
A very basic feature of computing is counting and calculating.
Overcrowding and poor sanitation affected the lives of the majority of the population.
Daily practice can build confidence and improve skills
The key difference between courses is the kind of assessment
Textile manufacturer plays a large role in improving economies
When bad drove out good, the local workers were more difficult than their competitors
The theme of the issue was the estimation of recent problem
This class will look at the structure of the essay
Consumer confidence has a direct impact on sales
Statistic results should be described in different ways depending on circumstances.
The qualification will be assessed by using a conference criterion to approach.
The Synopsis contains the most important information.
The excursion for children is very much open to debate.
The research took part in place as well as scientific papers.
The meeting has some struggle overlaps.
Freshwater creatures didn't appear in the paintings until the modem period.
These have also been found to contribute to the death of many marine animals.
They are both grown up in the rural area and dislike the urban life.
The whole point of the project was to look at the norm not the exception.
Below the heating controls in the middle is a small round plastic button.
Many toxins originate from plants or animals
Government reforms have been proposed at all levels.
Evaluation form will be reviewed by university personnel
Listening is the key skill to succeed to this course.
Scientific beneficiary to space exploration is frequently questioned.
Human being compete with other things for resources and space.
Early streams of economic in Roman Republic will be examined.
Identity theft happens to thousands of people every year.
You will need to submit your essay next semester
Participants are initially selected from a wide range of foundation subjects.
When workers ask for higher wages, companies often increase prices.
When met with high potential risks, companies will raise their prices.
The theme of the instrumental work exhibits more of a demure, compositional style.
It is absolutely vital to allocate your resources.
Organizational failure is considered in various perspectives in academic literature
The findings of researchers are focused on the causes of diseases and treatments.
Affordable housing is an important issue for all members of society.
Climate change is becoming an acceptable phenomenon amongst a group of reputable scientists.
The module of the work is more of a compositional style
And in that regard, as well as in other regards, it stands as an important contribution.
Some people regarded this as eye wash whereas some people ask for the status of their complaints and actions taken.
Climate change is a fierce phenomenon concentrated by scientists.
They have struggled since last year to make their services paid.
The glimpse of .... is an enormously rewarding experience.
It is hard to observe the reaction of the character of all reaction
The commission of fund supported among authorities has raised an argument.
Behind the garage, there is a flat car drawn by mules.
Companies want to protect their brand from negative comments.
Some people regarded it as care, while others regarded it as recklessness.
You can find a lot more information on the university website.
Books for children often contain many bits of illustration.
To gain full marks, an appropriate bibliography is required.
Mutually exclusive events are neither complementary nor opposing.
The advertisement for children is open to much debate
Americans have progressively/(technically) found the growth in quantitative terms
Article numbers are collected through interesting experiments.
Water taps on the campus will discourage the frequent use of plastic bottles.
The early works of this research are more experimental.
The software companies design and create new products.
Before completing the exercise, you need to read the remaining chapters.
The commissioner will collect fines for the sovereignty.
The island is located at the north end of the bay.
An ancient text may hold secrets which were lost centuries ago
Attracting skilled workers to the city with expensive housing is hard.
A recent article shows a number of interesting experiments.
You should include these two pictures from the lecture in your assignment.
Upgrading manufacturing systems can increase efficiency.
Public perception about biotechnology is crucial for developing scientific consensus.
Inflation affects the demand, pricing and consumption of most products.
Your agent will collect commission for each house they sell.
Students were instructed to stand in a straight line outside of the classroom.
Please make sure you correctly cite all the necessary materials
The thief visited the homes of several people every day.
Let me know if anybody struggles in the lab.
The early work is more philosophical rather than experimental.
The author's previous works are more theoretical and less experimental.
Preparation is important to avoid mishaps in the lab.
Her celebrating theory has a great level of controversy.
Try to work with each other to build up a sense of cooperation and team spirit.
Remember, the prestigious selection has strict eligibility criteria.
Remember, the gifts purchased by children should have a striped character.
There is a strict eligibility criteria to undertake background speaker studies.
He was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century.
Eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
That means e don't have any struggle overlaps.
Evaluation forms are reviewed by the university personnel.
We can't consider the increase of the prices at this stage.
The new technician drops the microscope in the biology lab.
Nurses' duty is to specialize in clinical work and management.
The attention of advertisement is focusing on children.
The massive accumulation of data is converted into communicable arguments.
He was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century
Please note that the college laboratory will be closed for cleaning next week
The scientists now study a wide variety of atmosphere/mysterious processes
You can contact all your tutors by email
Americans have the cheapest qualitative in terms
Why has the project been held for so long?
Educational levels are found to be related to social and economic backgrounds
The technician left the new microscope in biology lab.
Mutually exclusive events are neither complementary or opposite.
Before submitting your dissertation/registration, your advisor must approve your application.
You can find a lot more information on the university's website
Eight groups need to submit the outlines of their projects to their tutors.
He was not the only one to call for a legal reform in the 16th century
The massive accumulation of data is converted to a communicable argument.
The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy and parliamentary democracy.
The thesis has reached the explanation of the problem.
The students are instructed to submit their assignments before Friday.
Everyone should evacuate this room at the exit during the fire drill.
Control systems in manufacturing provides a high level of accuracy.
If you are not sure, phone the student services for help.
It is hard to anticipate the different characters when they interact.
This morning lecture on economic policy has been cancelled.
You should review all the chapters before submitting your assignment.
Before submitting your registration, your adviser must approve your application
The application process is longer than expected.
The economic books are at the back on the left.
Law is beneficial to investors by protecting their rights and avoiding any improper actions in the market.
The university officer will help you locate housing and transportation.
Artists are other than politicians played their own roles of cultural critics.
They were struggling last year to make their service pay.
The result of the experiment is reported in the table below.
Evaluation paper will be reviewed by the university personnel.
Animals behave differently with their wild counterparts.
The new theory takes all the latest research results into account.
Caged cameras as used to see the fish.
In English, the month of the year is always capitalized.
The country's economy is primarily based on tourism.
Nurses specialize in clinical work and management.
The following economic lecture has been cancelled.
The time of the math lecture has been changed to 10:30.
Sale figures last year are better than expected.
The cafeteria features sandwiches, salads, soup, chicken and fish.
Applicants for the course preferably have a preference over English and journalism.
The toughest part of public transport is funding.
The essay will be published once the research is finished.
Our professor is hosting the economic development conference next week.
The university library has most of the necessary books
You are required to complete the research paper by Monday
Your thesis should have a fairly limited scope
The coffee house has a special student discount throughout this week
Students' identification cards will be issued today or tomorrow
The qualification will be assessed by using the criteria to approach
It is important to allocate your time wisely when revising
Leading companies change their policies after reports were released
Please remember to bring your highlighter to class next Wednesday
The slides show that there is a minimum growth.
Competition for the places in the course is fierce
Universities should carefully monitor their articles and publications
Today's lecture materials will be included in the next assessment
Some of the features are parts of the previous systems
The toughest part of research for post-graduate student is funding
Avoid confusing the costs and effects of those changes
Relevant resources are reserved in the library
This thesis has reached the same explanation of the problem
The same approach reached the same explanation of the problem
We support the research for tropical dynamics and forecasting
The research on cyclone and tropical frost are our forecasting
Conferences ought to be scheduled 2 weeks in advance
Resources and materials are on hold on the library reference desk.
Reference materials are on hold at the library reference desk.
Career opportunities in this field are quite limited
This schedule allows plenty of time for independent study
The importance of this event is not fully understood
Most theories are quite similar but a few critics disagree
The curriculum is described in course syllabus
The solar energy department is highly regarded worldwide
Teaching assistant will receive monthly fees for housing
The most important process of farming is weeding
Review all the sources before drawing your conclusion
The campus tour runs daily during summer
Free campus tours run daily in summer for prospective students
Our group is meeting tomorrow in the library conference room
There is no correlation between drug use and killer rates
Interim grade will be posted on the board outside the student lounge
Final year business students have to write a 5000 word essay on market trends
The time of math lecture has been changed to 10:30
You must submit your assignment by next Friday at latest
The assignment should be before deadline
Tribes try to work with each other to build monolithic statues
We support of many faculty members
You come with me and the others stay here
Our class will be divided into 3 groups
All staff must leave from fire hydrant exits
We support to do research in the field of archaeology such as forecasting and estimation
The dining hall will be under renovation during the fall break
The history of the movement is recorded by several writers
Your task is to create the demand of the product
This paper challenged theories
Studio can be obtained by completing an application forms
There is not enough evidence to support these recommendations.
Tutors will give you recommendations
Scientist here are studying a wide variety of process
Politics is not usually a safe topic of conversation
Heavy rain will fall across the country next week
You contact all your tours by email
The main concepts in this thesis were not new
Despite of protest chemistry department was closed down
Experts believe that industry development will help economy
An election of president is held once every 4 years
The relative humidity is the amount of moisture that the air can hold
The first assignment is due on 14th September